Health segment today we are focusing on
headache which is which is actually
becoming a common problem affecting
people of all age groups in this report
we are focusing on the reasons the
prevention and the Cure of the
problem headache is one of the most
common problem that affects people of
all age groups headache may occur due to
many reasons there are primary headaches
what are the primary headaches they are
migrainous headaches and then migrainous
headaches are with aura without Aura and
then we also divided them into common
migraines typical migraines atypical Mig
all those things then there are many
other causes of headache one of them is
uh presence of tumor in the brain other
is certain uh bursting of some blood
vessel in the brain there are some
regular frequent causes one of them is
uh like you did not sleep well in the
night yesterday now you are having
headache sometimes immediate stress also
develops like you have many files to
look into then you also develop headache
what should be done at the time of
headache is a common question for these
uh episodic of uh just incidental
headaches those may be treated with
paracetamol one tablet that will be
enough or sometimes just taking rest
also May improve or sometimes just
changing the changing the scenario like
if it has occurred because of change in
sleep pattern you can just change the
sleep pattern most headaches are not the
result of a serious illness but it is
important to treat the cause of headache
new appearance of headache they should
go to the doctor other is if there is a
change in quality of headache they
should go to the doctor or when there is
sudden severe headache they should go to
the doctor otherwise people who are
having a frequent headaches associated
with vomitings or sometimes associated
with phenomena
like frequent lightings appearing in
front of their eyes and uh sometimes
there is unilateral headache those
people are actually cases of migraine
there are precipitants like remaining
empty stomach or some people who eat
chocolate they develop headache some
people who eat who take coffee they
develop headache if the headache occurs
more often than usual or turns severe
consult a neurologist and identify the
cause of headache Kiran bhage DD news